for the arms take a piece thought up the
bottom point unfold and reverse the fold
so make one with the color piece and one
with a white piece then for the legs
take a piece put around your finger up
in the pockets so that in the inside
hold up by the points and push this in
so you make one with the color piece and
one with a black piece out the top of
the body in the black row insert the arm
and the arms will be three pieces apart
so count three pieces and put them the
other arm then from the arm go straight
down and in that hole and insert the
link now to give it that mismatched look
you want the colored arm to be diagonal
from the colored leg so I've got a right
arm on the side colored on the right
side in the colored look on the left and
the back leg on the right now from the
arms go straight up then next to it
you're going to insert the ears in there
then for the eyes just open up a black
piece so my black pieces our card stock
side of the strip and open up a white
piece too and you have this full
rectangle now I only need the strip
that's how wide the is then you're just
going to cut a little strip
and you're going to use this for the I
then do the same with the white paper so
you only need the strip and you're going
to cut off skinnier strips and when you
put this on the black strip you want to
see an outline of black so you're going
to cut off this excess white paper then
once you've trimmed down the white
strips take the black strips put a
little bit of glue in the center then
glue it together and across then put
glue on the back of the white strip glue
it onto the black cross do the same for
the other piece and glue this on the
other side then once you have this put
some glue on the back in the center and
then you just grow it on the face then
you do the same for the other eye then
just glue the ears arms and legs to keep
it in place